Let me introduce you to everyone
The director of the design department, Luoxue Qing, was admitted to the hospital due to illness
This is the new director of design, Nian Lin
Hello everyone, my name is Lin Nian Nian
It's not that Lin Niannian plagiarized the director's design
Did you get fired?
Right.
Lin Niannian is just the daughter of a servant in Lorgar
Why lead us to be presumptuous
This is my decision.
If there is any doubt, it can be at the back.
Come on Nian Nian
If someone, Yang Feng, solves the fire because of the gang
You can be fired
After that, the design department personnel accepted their fate
It's your responsibility.
Thank you Mr. Ye
I will definitely live up to Mr. Ye's expectations
Congratulations to Mr. Ye
Work hard
Although I don't know why your attitude towards me has changed so much
But I will never change because of you
Let go of the snowfall period